Add dev hub signup step. (#28)
immutable/imx-examples: docs/onboarding.md

npm install
```

## 0. Register email with the Immutable Developer Hub

> Register your email address on the [Immutable Developer Hub](https://hub.immutable.com) to get access to customised documentation and the ability to create projects on Immutable.

Reviewer: The wording feels like it can be interpreted as the hub offering BOTH customised docs and a UI to create projects

> ## 0. Register email with the Immutable Developer Hub
> 
> Register your email address on the [Immutable Developer Hub](https://hub.immutable.com) to get access to customised documentation on the hub, and the ability to create projects on Immutable via the [Public API](https://docs.x.immutable.com/reference#/operations/createProject) or the CLI in this repo.
> 
> Projects are required to create collections which subsequently allow minting assets on Immutable (L2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 0. Register with your email for the Immutable Developer Hub

Register with your email address at the [Immutable Developer Hub](https://hub.immutable.com) to get access to customized documentation in the hub as well as the ability to create projects on Immutable via the [Public API](https://docs.x.immutable.com/reference#/operations/createProject) or the CLI in this repo.

You must first have a project in order to create collections that you can mint assets from on Immutable (L2).
```
